# guides
<br>A companion curriculum to my guide to becoming a data scientist.
<br>https://github.com/airalcorn2/Michael-s-Data-Science-Curriculum

<br>-Interactive Approach to Learning Data Science 
<br>https://github.com/PacktWorkshops/The-Data-Science-Workshop

<br>Becoming better at data science every day
<br>https://github.com/amitness/learning

<br>The Hitchhiker's Guide to Data Science for Social Good
<br>https://github.com/dssg/hitchhikers-guide

<br>Data Science Project Template
<br>https://github.com/makcedward/ds_project_template

<br>Conjoint survey experiments and power analysis
<br>https://mblukac.github.io/posts/2020/08/cj_poweranalysis/

<br>Resources for Data Science Process management
<br>https://github.com/jeongyoonlee/data-science-process-management

<br>Applied Data Science @ Columbia
<br>https://github.com/TZstatsADS

<br>Data Science and Social Science
<br>https://github.com/alexhanna/nyu-shortcourse

Hands-On Data Science for Marketing
https://github.com/PacktPublishing/Hands-On-Data-Science-for-Marketing

data science for economists
https://ose-data-science.readthedocs.io/en/latest/

Introduction to Data Science
https://github.com/alexmilowski/data-science

26-Weeks-of-Data-Science
https://github.com/MayureshShilotri/26-Weeks-Of-Data-Science

Data Science in Julia
https://github.com/JuliaAcademy/DataScience

Your new Mentor for Data Science E-Learning.
https://virgili0.github.io/Virgilio/

data-scientist-roadmap
https://github.com/MrMimic/data-scientist-roadmap

Data Science on the Google Cloud
https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/data-science-on-gcp

The Open Source Data Science Curriculum
https://github.com/datasciencemasters/go

R tutorials for Data Science
https://github.com/ujjwalkarn/DataScienceR

Free resources for learning data science
https://github.com/chaconnewu/free-data-science-books

dukecs
https://github.com/DukeCS

The Foundations of Data Science course at UC Berkeley
https://github.com/data-8

data-8
http://data8.org/

Computational and Inferential Thinking
https://www.inferentialthinking.com/chapters/intro

Data Science undergraduate curriculum
https://github.com/ossu/data-science
http://datasciencemasters.org/

Data Science Specialization
http://datasciencespecialization.github.io/

Data Science at ASA (really nice)
https://www.amstat.org/asa/files/pdfs/EDU-DataScienceGuidelines.pdf

# Data Science Projects Repository
https://github.com/lcamposgarrido/data-science_projects
https://github.com/sajal2692/data-science-portfolio
https://sajalsharma.com/portfolio/


# tools & +
-Analytics and data science business case studies to identify opportunities and inform decisions about products and features. 
https://github.com/byukan/Marketing-Data-Science
Rucio - Scientific Data Management
https://github.com/rucio/rucio

# Kaban
https://trello.com/b/Dj3EzmL9/site-tracker
https://trello.com/c/VkT7CENw/5-team-resources
